W-15251129-createprocesseseverywhere-se (#349)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-home/modules/ROOT/pages/create-rpa-project.adoc

= Create an RPA Project

> An RPA project consists of a business process to be automated and a team that is is responsible for the automation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An RPA project consists of a business process to be automated and a team that is responsible for the automation.
```

You can create projects in the following *RPA Manager* views:

* *RPA Home*
* *My RPA* > *My Backlog*
* *My RPA* > *My Processes*
* *Process Evaluation* > *Process Evaluation*
* *Process Automation* > *Process Management*
* *Process Automation* > *Process Management* > *<Category>*

== Before You Begin

* Ask an organization administrator in Access Management to assign you the required permissions:
+
[%header, cols="1,1,1"]
|===
|Action |RPA Permission |Deprecated RPA Permission

> |Start the automation of a process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Start the automation of a process
```
Removing for consistency in the table

Author: An editor told me to place punctuation there. :)

> |RPA Automations Designer, RPA Automations Contributor, RPA Automations Manager, RPA Administrator
> |Process Automation Open, Process Create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|RPA Automations Designer, RPA Automations Contributor, RPA Automations Manager, RPA Administrator.
|Process Automation Open, Process Create.
```

|===

== Create a Project From RPA Home

> Create a project directly when you enter the RPA application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a project from the RPA Manager home page:
```
"the RPA application" sounds odd.

. Open the *Home* module of RPA Manager.
. Click the quick link *New Process or Evaluation*.
. Click *Process*.
. Complete the form *New Process*:
+
include::rpa-manager::partial$form-automationproject.adoc[]
. Click *Start Automation*.

== Create a Project by Starting Automation from an Approved Evaluation

The standard way of automating a process begins with evaluating the feasibility and benefits of the process automation in the *Process Evaluation* module. 
RPA Manager shows approved processes in the backlog views of the *My RPA* module.

Learn how to start the automation of approved processes from there in topic xref:rpa-manager::myrpa-start.adoc[Starting Automation of Approved Processes].

== Create a Project From Other Views

> To create a new project from the views listed in the first paragraph:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new project from any of the views listed at the beginning of this article:
```
I'm not sure if this is a good suggestion, but I'd avoid saying "the first paragraph", and because there's the intro and not a subsection, this is the best I could think of.
